[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Piccolo and Goku joined forces
to defeat the Saiyan
warrior Raditz.
But their victory
was short-lived.
Already, a new threat to the
Earth is fast-approaching...
And unless
some way to counter
the coming Saiyan
invasion can be found,
Goku's sacrifice
will have been in vain.
The preparations begin, now.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
"Run in the Afterlife, Goku!
The One Million
Mile Snake Way!"
[CHI-CHI]
I bet Goku and the others
are having the time
of their lives
over at Master Roshi's
right about now.
I do hope Gohan's getting
along with everybody.
What am I thinking?
I worry too much.
He's such a
well-behaved little boy.
[sighs]
I wish I could
have gone with them.
[OX-KING] Gohan!
[chuckles]
[CHI-CHI]
Dad, welcome back!
[OX-KING laughs]
Hello Chi-Chi! I brought
a few things for Gohan.
Hey! Gohan,
Grandpa's here!
[OX-KING] Come out and see
all the new toys you have!
[grunting]
[laughs]
Oh, Dad!
[KRILLIN]
Goku...! Goku...!
Please, you can't be dead!
[ROSHI] Goku...
[KRILLIN] Come on, wake up!
He's gone...
I can't believe our
Goku is actually gone!
Goku...! Goku...!
[gasps]
[ROSHI] He disappeared!
Hmm... Figures...
This is Kami's doing.
[KRILLIN and ROSHI gasp]
I can't think of anyone
else capable of such a thing.
[PICCOLO] He's probably
come up with some sort of
meddling plan,
just like always...
[KRILLIN]
I wonder what he's up to.
[ROSHI] Well,
if Goku isn't safe with
the Guardian of Earth,
he's not safe anywhere.
All the same, we need
to start gathering up
the other other six
Dragon Balls so we can
wish Goku back
to life right away.
Yeah...
But we're gonna need
all the help we can get.
And of course,
Yamcha's out
running around
who knows where!
Well, you're the one
who chased 'im off.
Say that reminds me, I've
been curious about something.
How did Goku's brother manage
to track him down so quickly?
[PICCOLO] With that
device he's wearing...
Attached to his face...
Apparently,
it reads "power levels"
and tracks their location.
[BULMA] Huh...?
Come here, Krillin.
[KRILLIN] Yeah...
[KRILLIN] Hold this.
Okay...
Now see if you can get that
thing off his face for me.
Huh...?!
Yeah, sure, whatever...
but if he so much as
twitches, I'm out of here.
[beeping]
Hmm...
[BULMA]
Huh... Well that's good.
It looks like it's still
got power, at least.
Wow, this is some
cutting edge stuff!
It's a little
banged up, but I think
I may be able to do
something with it.
You really think so...?
That's awesome, Bulma!
Well, I haven't
actually fixed it yet.
I'll need some time
to figure it out first.
But if I can get it working,
we can use it to find Yamcha,
and Tien,
and all the others.
[ROSHI] In any case, I think
we should head back home.
You can work there.
Yeah, right...
I guess there's not much
else we can do here.
'Kay... we'll get you guys
back to Roshi's place,
then I'm gonna go start
looking for the Dragon Balls.
What are your plans
in the meantime, Piccolo?
[ALL gasp]
[grunts]
[ALL yell]
[grunting]
[yells]
[screams]
[PICCOLO panting]
Just like
a lizard's tail!
You should start looking for
the Dragon Balls immediately.
Wherever Goku is now,
he'll still need you to
wish him back to life.
But... you can leave
Goku's son with me.
I'll be taking
him from here.
What are you going
to do with him?
How powerful that boy becomes
depends almost entirely
on whether or not he receives
the proper training.
[PICCOLO] One year from now,
two more Saiyans
will arrive on Earth.
When that day comes,
we'll need him to be ready.
There is little time
and much to learn.
So for the next
year, he's with me.
Whoa, you're really
serious aren't you?
A year, don't you need a
parent's signature for that?
[KRILLIN]
Yeah, a form or something...
Let's see... Goku's gone,
but I guess we
could ask Chi-Chi.
Look! I don't have
time for this nonsense!
I'm not asking
for your permission!
I'm taking the boy with me,
by force if I have to!
Heh...
[gasps]
[ALL gasp]
Once the year is up and
his training is complete
I'll bring him back,
but not a day before.
[PICCOLO] When you wish Goku
back to life, tell him he can
look forward to seeing his
son again when we return.
[exhale heavily]
Whoa... This is bad...
Really bad, isn't it?
Gohan's gonna die.
Or worse, he's gonna
turn out like Piccolo!
[KAMI] And that
is why this young man
stands before you today.
To make this one request.
All he asks
is to be trained.
On his behalf,
I beg you
to allow him to call upon
King Kai for guidance.
[KING YEMMA] Hmm...
Goku, huh? I'm
looking at his file,
and it's certainly
impressive...
So let me
get this straight....
even though this
friend of yours
is a shoe-in to
get into Heaven,
he still wants to
risk Snake Way
just to meet with
King Kai for training?
[KAMI]
Yes, sir.
Hey... So this is the
place everybody comes
when they die,
isn't it?
[KAMI]
That's right.
Aliens, too?
[KAMI]
Yes... Every living being,
human or not, comes here
to be judged and learn where
they will spend their afterlife.
Yo! Did a big
guy named Raditz
show up here a little
bit before us?
[KING YEMMA] Hmm...?
[KAMI] Goku! You do not
address King Yemma with a "yo"!
Yeah, I remember him.
Says here he was
your older brother.
Now he's on his way
to Hell. Go figure...
He give you any trouble?
[KING YEMMA]
He certainly did...
Well, tried...
But I knocked some sense
into him and he settled down.
Wow! And Raditz was tough!
You must be really strong!
[chuckles]
Hey... Maybe I
oughta stick around
and train with
the Big Guy!
Shhh... Keep
your voice down!
You must show King Yemma
the proper respect!
Oh...
Just keep quiet...!
Trust me, King Kai
is much stronger!
[KING YEMMA] Hey...
What was that...
Kami of the Earth?
What... ah...
You shouldn't talk
that way about someone
who can send you to Hell!
Ahh...
You heard that?
You must have the
devil's own ears, sir!
The devil himself...!
Appropriate, huh?
[laughs nervously]
Huh... Kami, you think
you're funny, don't you?
No...?
Fine... If you want
it that badly...
take Snake Way to King Kai.
Ahh... Thank you,
Your Greatness!
I'll summon
a guide for you.
Just go right
outside and wait.
Thanks!
[KING YEMMA]
However...!
If you fall
off of Snake Way,
I don't want you to
come crying back to me.
Uhh... Okay...
Goku. Have a
safe journey.
This will be a most
challenging year for you.
Well... I'm not sure
what you mean by that,
but if this King Kai is as
strong as you say he is,
then I'm sure it'll
be worth the trip!
See you soon! And say
hey to Mr. Popo for me!
[chuckles]
Bye!
[KAMI] The Earth has drawn
the attention of some of
the most despicable beings
the universe has to offer.
If something isn't done soon,
we could find ourselves
in a lot of trouble.
What can we do?
We could try to wish
our enemies away...
But even the great Shenron
might be powerless
against their
tremendous strength.
Goku is the greatest warrior
the Earth has ever known,
yet to these Saiyans
he's nothing more
than an inconvenience.
I wonder if King Kai's
instruction will even help.
Until Goku returns, it seems
Gohan is our best hope.
He's young though...
and there's so little time.
That's enough! Go home...!
I have work to do!
[KAMI]
Forgive me, Your Greatness!
Of course you're busy!
I'll just be getting out
of your way now. Goodbye!
Terribly sorry
for the wait...
But don't you worry,
I'll get you to the head of the
Snake Way before you know it!
You're in good
hands with me.
Whoa...
[GUIDE]
So Snake Way is very long
and extremely treacherous.
What kind of shape
are you in? Good...?
Me? No... I mean, I was
pretty healthy when I was alive.
But I don't think
so now that I'm dead...
Hey... What's King Kai like?
You've met him before, right?
Oh, sure...
Lots of times...
He's surprisingly down to
Earth considering he rules
over every other deity in
this region of the universe.
He must be strong!
I can't wait!
[ROSHI] I don't suppose
we could get away with
not telling
Chi-Chi about this.
Krillin...!
Why don't you go over there
and break the bad news?
She likes you.
Me...? Why do
I have to go?
I just hope she's
familiar with the phrase
"don't kill
the messenger."
[gulps]
[chuckles nervously]
[GOKU snoring]
[GUIDE]
Here we are! Snake Way.
Exit to your left.
Watch your step.
Huh...?
[GOKU] Whoa! So this
is Snake Way, huh?
[GUIDE]
Yes indeed...
What am I supposed to do now?
[GUIDE]
Just start walking!
You'll want to take Snake Way
all the way to the very end.
That's where
you'll find King Kai.
Sure is long, huh?
Yes... In fact,
according to legend,
Snake Way is about a million
miles from end to end.
A million miles...?!
Has anyone ever made
it the whole way?
Only one in the last
hundred million years...
It was the Great
King Yemma himself,
if my memory
serves me... Yes...
The big guy from before...?
Well... I guess if
there's one person
who's already made it
all the way to the end,
then I might be
able to manage it, too.
[GUIDE]
It's possible.
But please be careful not to
fall off into the clouds.
Hell lies beneath
those clouds,
and once you go there,
you can never come back.
Really. Wow.
[GOKU] Oh, hey!
What do I eat?!
Maybe I should'a packed
a lunch or something.
[GUIDE] Oh, I'm
sure you'll be fine.
Think of it this way:
You're already dead,
so the chances of you dying of
starvation are slim at best.
[GOKU] Oh yeah!
Bye!
[GOKU]
Wait, I almost forgot!
I've got a favor to ask you.
Yes?
Well... Do you know
who Fortuneteller Baba is?
[GUIDE] Yes, sir.
She comes by to say
hello once in a while.
Okay, great...!
Think you could tell her
something for me...?
Tell her I need her to
go see Master Roshi
and give him an
important message.
I want him to know that
whatever happens...
he can't bring me
back for a year...
Let's see if
I have all this...
Don't... bring Goku
back to life...
You said
Master Roshi, right?
I guess
I should get started.
[spitting]
So the only real trick is to
not fall off the snake, right?
Right...
That would be bad.
That'll be a breeze!
Woo hoo!
I'm sorry, ma'am...
But... your husband,
Goku... is dead... Sorry.
Not bad, but it might
be a little blunt...
I'm sorry, but I
have terrible news.
I... I hate to have
to tell you this,
but Goku has gone
to his eternal rest.
Then again... he is
coming back to life...
That's it! Say it
with a smile...!
Goku is dead,
but he is coming back
to life pretty soon...
so you don't have
to worry about it... Okay?
[laughs nervously]
Hi, Krillin!
Chi-Chi! Hi!
Isn't it a
lovely afternoon?
I knew I heard somebody
mumbling to themselves.
What's wrong?
Wrong...? Why would
anything be wrong?
Well, something is...
but it'll be fine soon...
Hmm...?
Hey, Krillin...!
How's things...? Good?
Yes, sir. I'm okay...
Thank you. It's nice
of you to ask.
I figured you'd still be
with Goku. Everyone alright?
See... about that...
Thing is...
Goku's kinda... d-d...
What?
Goku's... d... d... d...
D...?
Go on...
D... "Don't worry about me,"
he says... He's fine!
[laughs nervously]
He's fine? Really...
He's gonna be late, right?
He sure is! That's it!
But, actually... he...
won't be coming back.
Goku said he
isn't coming back?
No...! Well, yes, he
will be back real soon.
Well? Is Goku coming
back home or not?
Start making sense!
Wha...
Now, now... Why don't
we all step inside?
Come on, I'm sure you're
dying to get
off your feet.
[sighs]
Alright... I've let you
sleep long enough, kid.
Now wake up! It's time
to start your training.
[grunts]
[yells]
[coughing]
[PICCOLO]
We have to talk.
Get out of the water.
[gasps]
You're not my daddy!
Where are you, Daddy?
[GOHAN]Daddy! Daddy,
come here! I'm scared, Daddy!
Aaahhh! Daddy...!
Where are you?!
Spoiled little brat...!
We don't have time for this!
[crying]
Shut up...! If you don't
stop that crying,
I'll snap you in half!
Now listen up...
I'm only going
to say this once.
First... your "Daddy"
was killed today.
Huh...?
[PICCOLO] You remember some
of what happened, don't you?
In order to defeat
the man who took you,
Your father
sacrificed himself.
[RADITZ groans]
[GOKU] Quick! Your attack!
Do it! Do it now!
[GOKU] Do it!
[PICCOLO] Right!
Makankosappo!
[grunts]
[yells]
[RADITZ screams]
No... He can't be...
Stop...!
Stop, right now...!
I already warned you what
would happen if you cried again!
Heh...
Now I'm sure your father
already told you about the
Dragon Balls at some point.
His friends are currently
trying to gather all seven
in the hopes of bringing
him back to life.
[PICCOLO] However, that is
their mission; not ours...
Your father
and I were able
to defeat the man
who kidnapped you.
But before he died,
he alerted two other Saiyans who
will reach Earth in one year.
And we have
reason to believe
they are even
stronger than he was.
[PICCOLO] If that's true,
even Goku can't stop them.
Not even if I
were to help him...
But if you can be trained,
your strength may give
us the edge we need.
But... I don't...!
I couldn't...! I'm too little.
I don't even
know how to fight!
That's enough...
I can see that you're
blind to your potential.
Though you may not believe it,
you are incredibly strong.
But you're still
in need of training.
And so it's my job to help
you find that strength.
But I can't. I'm not
as strong as you think!
[chuckles]
You want me to prove it?
[yells]
[GOHAN] Hey, hey...
--[PICCOLO] Okay...
--[GOHAN] What are you doing?!
[GOHAN] Stop it!
Put me down!
Lemme go! Lemme go! Lemme go!
Daddy! Somebody! Help me!
[GOHAN cries]
[GOHAN yells]
[PICCOLO] Do it!
Release your power!
Let's see what you've got!
[yells]
Huh...?
[explosion]
What the...?!
How did he...?
[PICCOLO]
Unbelievable...!
He's more powerful than
I could've imagined!
[PICCOLO] I'm not sure
how I feel about this.
To think I'm about
to train the child
who's likely to become
my greatest adversary.
I must be losing my mind.
[GOHAN] W-Wait...
I didn't do that, did I?
[PICCOLO] That's right.
It's time you
realized your power.
It appears your strength is
closely linked to your emotions.
You can't maintain it.
Which isn't very convenient...
We'll never
defeat the Saiyans
unless we correct it.
And of course, we will.
Huh...?
[PICCOLO]
We're going to turn you into
the greatest warrior
this world has ever known.
Got that?
Yes, sir. It's just...
I don't wanna
learn how to fight.
'Cause... I wanna study
hard and be a scholar.
Heh...
Maybe you will...
But you'll have
plenty of time for
scholarly things once we're
done defeating the Saiyans.
We only have a
year to prepare you
to defend
the planet with us.
You don't want everyone
on Earth to die, do you?
No, but... I'm scared.
Stop your whining!
Unless you want me
to kill you right now!
We don't have time for this!
Your training has begun!
Shut up and
take off your tunic!
Fine... I'll do it...
But just 'til Daddy's back,
then I want him to teach
me to fight instead of you.
Ha! That's too bad.
Your dad may be powerful,
but I doubt he'd be
an effective teacher.
He doesn't have any gift
for commanding respect.
Which is why his
son turned out to be
such a snot-nosed brat.
[sneezes]
Huh...?
[yells]
[panting]
Oh, man...! That really
took a lot out of me.
Guess I'll just have
to go on foot...
[NARRATOR] And so, as his
son prepares to face
Piccolo's rigorous
training back on Earth,
Goku has begun his
own perilous journey
to reach the end of Snake Way!
The race is on...
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai...
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey, it's me, Goku!
I wonder how my boy,
Gohan, is doing.
[GOHAN]
Daddy! I miss you so much!
Hey, is that a full moon?
I've never seen
one before. It's pretty!
[PICCOLO] No! It's just
as Goku's brother said!
If the kid transforms the same
way the other Saiyans do...
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"Wilderness Survival!
A Moonlit Night Awakens Gohan!"
[GOHAN] Look at the moon!
It's so big and round!